// Chantal Monette
// W0800871
// WEB452-22F	Andrew Steele
	Assignment 1
	Pens

time to meme https://web.archive.org/web/20071027134601/http://www.dundermifflinpaper.biz/index.shtml


Pen Company Name:	Pender Mifflin, Ink.
	IDEAS: The PENitentiary
		   Dragon's PEN
		   Pender Mifflin*****
		   Dunder MiffPen
Company Address:	1725 Slough Ave
					Scranton, Pennsylvania

Mission Statement:	PenDER MIFFLIN, Ink. is committed to providing its customers quality pens and the experience required for making informed buyer decisions. 
					We provide our Customers with the highest standard of integrity and quality, to enable them to develop long-term professional relationships with our employees and staff.
					We crusade to create a stable working environment and corporate spirit and to give unlimited opportunity to women, and to afford ordinary folk the chance to buy the same things as rich people. 
					We are also committed to nurturing and promulgating wholesome American values.
					We strive to become the company most known for changing the worldwide poor–quality image of Chinese products.

General Description:Pender Mifflin Inc. (stock symbol PMI) is a micro-cap regional pen supply distributor with an emphasis on servicing small-business clients. With a corporate office in New York City, Pender Mifflin
					has branches in Buffalo, Albany, Utica, Scranton, Akron, Camden, Nashua and Yonkers.
					Pender Mifflin Inc. provides its customers quality pens and pen products, pen values and the expertise required for making informed buying choices. We provide our products and services with a 
					dedication to the highest degree of integrity and quality of customer satisfaction, developing long-term professional relationships with employees that develop pride, creating a stable working 
					environment and company spirit.

Employees:			Steve Carell		-- Director of Pen Distribution
						"I became a salesman because of people. I love making friends. But then I was promoted to manager at a very young age. And I still try to be a friend first. But, you know... 
						when you're very successful, your co-workers look at you differently."
					Dwight Schrute IV	-- Pender Mifflin Head Salesmen
						"Whenever I'm about to do something, I think 'Would an idiot do that?' And if they would, I do not do that thing."
					Villis Phance		-- Regional Director of Sales
						"I'm glad Michael's getting help. He has a lot of issues, and he's stupid."
					Jim Halpent			-- Sales Representative
						Skilled with photoshop. Loves ham and cheese. 
					Asian Jim Halpent	-- Sales Representative
						Skilled with photoshop. Loves ham and cheese.
					Stanley Hudspen		-- Sales Repesentative
						"It's like I used to tell my wife: I do not apologize unless I think I'm wrong, and if you don't like it, you can leave. I say the same thing to my current wife, and I'll say it to my next one too."
					Pen Beesly			-- Office Administrator
						“Kinda sounds like prison is better than Pender Mifflin”
					Kelly Kapen			-- Customer Service Representive
						"Who am I? I’m Kelly Kapen, the business bitch."
					Creed Bratton		-- Quality Assurance
						“Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name: Creed Bratton.”
					



Company Colours:
	#2A3C5F
	#EDEFE2
	#737980
	#4BA8B2